Update the Android documentation for Godot 4.2 (#7884)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/platform/android/android_library.rst

.. _doc_android_library:

Godot Android Library
=====================

The Godot Engine for Android platforms is designed to be used as an `Android library <https://developer.android.com/studio/projects/android-library>`_.
This architecture enables several key features on Android platforms:

> - Ability to integrate the Gradle buildsystem within the Godot Editor which provides the ability to leverage more components from the Android ecosystem such as libraries and tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to integrate the Gradle build system within the Godot Editor, which provides the ability to leverage more components from the Android ecosystem such as libraries and tools
```

Using the Godot Android library
-------------------------------

The Godot Android library is packaged as an AAR archive file and hosted on `MavenCentral <https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/org.godotengine/godot/4.1.0.stable>`_ along with `its documentation <https://javadoc.io/doc/org.godotengine/godot/latest/index.html>`_.

As an Android library, it has been used to provide access to the Godot API on Android platforms for the following use-cases.

Godot Android plugins
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Android plugins are powerful tools to extend the capabilities of the Godot engine
by tapping into the functionality provided by Android platforms and ecosystem.

They are themselves Android libraries with a dependency on the Godot Android library,
which they use to access the Godot API and integrate into the engine's lifecycle.

Their nature as Android libraries means they offer some of the same key features as the Godot Android library,
notably the ability to integrate with the Gradle buildsystem, and the ability for the plugins themselves to be portable and embeddable.

Their access to the Godot engine APIs and lifecycle grant them powerful capabilities

> such as GDExtension which allow them to update / mods the engine behavior as needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
such as GDExtension which allow them to update / mod the engine behavior as needed.
```
